Clarify recording complete callback is only sent still active calls (#523)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/record.md

### Attributes
| Attribute                    | Description |
|:-----------------------------|:------------|

> | recordCompleteUrl            | (optional) URL to send the [Record Complete](../callbacks/recordComplete.md) event to once the recording has ended. Accepts BXML, and may be a relative URL. This callback will not be sent if the recording ended because of a `hangup` event and hence is no longer active. |

Reviewer: Maybe "...if the recording ended because the call was hung up"?

Author: i feel like "hangup event" is more specific and descriptive specifically in the context of our API, no? also, you can have a hang up event without a human being hanging up a phone, which is what i feel like your suggestion is implying.

Reviewer: I feel it's incorrect because the hangup event does not end the recording; the recording ended because the call was hung up. Maybe terminated then?

Author: okay, good point, let me ponder this

> | recordCompleteUrl            | (optional) URL to send the [Record Complete](../callbacks/recordComplete.md) event to once the recording has ended. Accepts BXML, and may be a relative URL. This callback will not be sent if the recording ended because of a `hangup` event and hence is no longer active. |

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
| recordCompleteUrl            | (optional) URL to send the [Record Complete](../callbacks/recordComplete.md) event to once the recording has ended. Accepts BXML, and may be a relative URL. This callback will not be sent if the recording ended due to the call hanging up. |
```
?
